JOHN SMITH 22 Street Rd., City. State 00000 H: 222-222-2222 + W: 222-222-2222 + M: 222-222-2222 - email@address.com TECHNOLOGY CONSULTANT Business-savvy: professional with success in delivering technology that addresses busmess challenges and improves efficiencies. Effective communicator, skillful collaborating with Cross functional teams to gather requirements. Proven experience in the definition, design and implementation ofj processes that support operational strategies. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS AREAS Process Engineering and Design Data Movement (ETL) Standardized Procedures Database. Architecture Design IT Solutions Development Testing and Deployment Software Development Life Cycle Compliance Requirements Proposal Development Team Leadership and Supervision Coaching and Training Business Presentations TECHNICAL SUMMARY Applications: Adobel LiveCycle, Hyperion Essbase, MS SharePoint Meeting Suites: MS Office (Including Access and InfoPath). Open Office, Lotus123 Languages: Visual Basic, C. SQL, VB for Access (VBA), Assembly Web: HTML, JavaScript. Flash, ASPNET. PHP. Dreamweaver Databases: MS Access, MS SQL (ODBC). MySQL. DB2 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Company Name Date Held multiple positions ofincreasing responsibility and technical scopefor this leader in payment and iformation systems. Specializing in; currency services, information managament and delivery services, remittance services and cheque services. DEVELOPER CONSULTANT Ledi major technology initiatives through design. project management, programming. testing, training, implementation, and maintenance. Accomplished major strategic goal and client commitment through the development and implementation ofa new program, at technology driven client response platform. Analyzed existing response issues with clients, internal resources, and management Developed an in-house software solution using dynamic content in a format that proved to be cutting edge and scalable despite a lack of funding and technical resources. The solution involved changes in processes, roles, responsibilities. and other resources. Achieved the primary goals of improved turaround, accuracy of business requirements, structured process, and appropriate approvals. Created a maintenance process to ensure the solution continued to evolve with new business rules and clients" requirements.  Reviewed control forms across company for certification. Developed proper inventory system for forms management. Created document: management system. Consulted with all levels of management and staff to understand and provide solutions for internal administration needs. Built site standards to ensure the integrity. stability, and security of data. Page 1 of2 
