JESSICA CLAIRE PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Team Leader experienced in driving teams to reach sales quotas. Talented at developing strategies, setting goals and training employees. Confident and decisive when communicating goals and vision to resumesample@example.com succeed. First-class problem solver with excellent interpersonal skills. Highly experienced director of business development, with over $500,000,000 in cosed sales, with experience growing startups into (555) 432-1000 multi-million dollar companies by strategic contact sourcing and development. 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor SKILLS WORK HISTORY Strategic planning Travelnet Solutions Consultant Reporting capabilities Cottage Grove, MN - 01/2019 10/2021 Product Life Cycle Management Managed and reacted appropriately to all relevant KPI's which directly resulted in higher customer Project Management satisfaction, retention, and conversion rates. Cloud Computing Liaised with front-line-facing employees, middle management, and C-suite management to Client Relationships identify weaknesses, and identify solutions for the product. Team Leadership & Inflight Meticulous record-keeping of C-SAT, Net Promoter Scores, and other KPIS used to product Development gauge growth in order to develop robust, all-encompassing strategies to further improve growth. Supervision C-SAT improved from 67% to 88%. Team Management Developed, launched, and executed go-to-market strategies designed to grow consumer confidence. Experienced Closer and raise revenue through implementation of most frequently requested consumer features. Sales Management Successfully negotiated multi-million dollar contracts. Inside/Outside Sales Liaised with customers, management and sales team to better understand customer needs and Exceptional Communication recommend appropriate solutions. Skills Marketing Northwest Landscape Services Senior Director of Business Development and Sales Excel Happy Valley, OR 03/2015 07/2020 Customer Service Quote Rates Directed work of efficient administrative team maintaining accurate sales, inventory and order Business Development documentation. Client Engagement Established and grew aftermarket sales department, set sales targets, and introduced customer satisfaction survey while monitoring and utilizing KPI data. Multitasked, liaised, negotiated, and dosed transactions with: sourced heads of business ranging EDUCATION from startups to Fortune 500 C- suite teams, while partnering with co-workers to accomplish weekly individual, team, and corporate goals. Harvard University Consistently recognized as the face of the company in contract negotiations, strategic business Cambridge, MA 05/2021 decisions, and day-to-day decision making while identifying and developing communication with Ph.D: clients to improve and develop business relationships. Anthropology Managed teams with consistent pipelines of qualified contacts to provide a steady flow of dosed Harvard University transactions. Cambridge, MA 2020 Orchestrated and dosed more than $500,000,000 in transactions within a 5-year period. Proactively develop and execute various client-vendor relationship projects while ensuring company Master's: Philosophy growth with skillful recruiting. Harvard University Initiated and managed entire sales cycle from sourcing to dlosing and follow up. Tracked and utilized all KPI's used and monitored for of and of . Cambridge, MA 2019 trajectory growth, areas improvement. MASTER OF. ARTS: ANTHROPOLOGY RB PRODUCTS LLC Business Development Manager City, STATE 12/2008 03/2015 Harvard University Coordinated innovative strategies to accomplish and - Cambridge, MA 2012 marketing objectives boost long-term profitability. BACHELOR OF ARTS: PHILOSOPHY Developed and implemented favorable pricing structures balancing firm objectives against customer targets. Harvard University Sourced, qualified and contacted potential clients volume calls - Cambridge, MA 2012 including high (120+ calls/day). Developed and managed teams within call center environment. BACHELOR OF SCIENCE: Directed sales strategies in alignment with goals and conducted research and analysis to identify POLITICAL SCIENCE new markets, while supervising and delegating work to: support staff through organized collaboration. Consistently led discussions between sales, management and product managers to create LICENSES customized pricing for distribution and retail clients. Provided all required ongoing training and service support, while adhering to dedicated sales goals Series-7 Finance License and requirements, in diverse geographic markets in several verticals. 2-151 Life Insurance License Identified and utilized KPI's to adjust corporate trajectory. FLI Real Estate License Extensive roles in both inside and outside sales, including team leadership. LANGUAGES German: Dutch: Negotiated: Negotiated: 
