Jessica Claire 9 100Montgomery St. 10thF Floor e (555) 432-1000 1 resumesample@examples .com PROFESSIONAL Operations Specialist with experience developing realistic solutions to assure satisfactory consumer and SUMMARY customer experiences. Fluent with Quickbooks, Microsoft office, Google Workspace, and general CRM maintence. Committedt tor resolving problems by impmentinga strong blueprint definingj job descriptions, SOPS, employment agreements, policies and proceduresj job cost reports) and maintaining accurate met andr reports. SKILLS Disaster Recovery Planning Project Management Problem Resolution Reporting capabilities Client Relationships Knowledgeable in System Analysis& &E Evaluation Strategic planning Server Management Budgeting Financial Planning TeamLeadership&t Development Customer service Processes and procedures WORK HIS STORY CONSULTANT 07/2019to CURRENT Microstrategy Menlo Park, CA Boosted success of client's organization by improving performance, motivation, job satisfaction, hiring practices, training programs and managements systems. Liaisedy with customers, management and salest team tobetter understand customer needs and recommenda appropriates solutions. Initiated success of client's organization by improving performance, hiring practices and management systems. Supported clients with business analysis, documentation and data modeling. Developed strategic component development plans to support future projects. Updateds stakeholders on key milestones for projects. Tracked costs and expenses to compare with original budget and identify failure points. Delivered outstanding service to clients to maintain and extend relationship for future business opportunities. Savedc considerable costs by renegotiating outsourcing contracts. Created detailed roadmaps of action items and project goals and generated reports toi inform budgeting andplanning. Developed comprehensivet business cases to analyze costs, benefits, ROI and TCOofproposed solutions. Generated reports offindings to help management with making key decisions. Boosted customer experiences by delivering superior customer service, issue resolution and merchandising. ConductedP&L statement analysis toi improve daily operations, increas revenue and reduce costs. Evaluated performance andp policies against metrics. Assisted various departments with change by communicating new improvement tplans and expectations. Educateds staff on organizationalr mission and goals to help employees achieves success. Collected, arranged and inputi information into database system. Coacheds staff on daily performance and conductede evaluationst to constructively address concerns. Trackeda anda analyzed reports to determiner neededi improvements. Supported creation of detailed, technical financial models tov value potential acquisition targets. Gathered, organized andi input information into digital database. REDEPTIONIST 03/2020 to 12/2021 Merritt Academyl |Mclean, VA Managedm multiplet tasks and mett time-s sensitive deadlines. Answered central Itelephones system and directed calls accordingly. Confirmed appointments, communicated with clients andu updated client records. Drafted professionaln memos, letters andr marketing copy to support business objectives andg growth. Directedir incoming calls toi internal personnel and departments, routing to best qualified department Liaised withv vendors, contractors and professional services personneltop properly process orders. Correspondedv with clients through email, telephone orp postal mail. Scheduleda and confirmed appointments and meetings for senior managementt team. Maintained building security by monitoring logbook and issuing visitor badges. Greetedi incoming visitors and customers professionally and provided friendly, knowledgeable assistance. Keptrecordsi in CRM Ito maintain customer data. Managed.multi-line phone system directingi individuals tod desired personnel and providing general information about toperations Provided clerical supporttoc company employees by copying, faxing and filing documents. Resolved customer problems ando complaints. Kept reception area clean and neatt to give visitors positive firstir impression. Sorted, received and distributed mail correspondencel between departments and personnel Aggregated and prepared documentation: and reports for roffice meetings, distribution and filing. Oversaw inventory activities, including materials monitoring, ordering or requisition and supply stocking orre-stocking. Responded toinquiries from callers seeking information. Supported various administrative duties by proofreading, transcribing andi invoicing. Answeredlarge volume ofincoming calls daily to resolve customeri issues and schedule appointments. Answered phone promptly and directedi incoming calls toc correct offices. Restocked supplies and placed purchase orders tor maintain adequate stock levels. DIICE ECTOR OF EMERG ENCY SERVICES AND DIAGNO IOSTIC IMAGING 2003 to 05/2013 Indian River Medical Center City, STATE Coordinated with local police, fire and EMS during emergencies and completed detailed incident reports using onliner reports system. Oversaw provision of emergency response resources and supervisedi internal team functions. Motivated, developed and retained emergency response team members. Maximized't throughput, patient satisfaction: ands staffe efficiency by development andi implementing optimized care models. Appliedt for federal funding for emergency- -management -related needs and administered and reported onp progress ofsuch grants. Keptir informed ofactivities or changes that could affect likelihood of emergencies, factors that could affectr response efforts and details ofp plani implementation. Maintained current understanding ofl local, state andf federal guidelines for emergency response. Buita and strengthened relationships with area governments, departments and agencies to manage effective planning andi implementation of emergency response strategies. Supported care objectives by devising and implementing effective structures tot track performance and assess compliance with specifications. Reviewed operational plans from other locations to identify options for local systems Inspectedt facilities and equipments such as emergency management centers and communications equipment to determine operational andf functional capabilities in emergency situations. Investigated practical and theoretical issues facing emergency services andi lidentified effective resolutions. Delivered exceptionall level ofs service to each customer by listening to concerns and answering questions. Actively listenedt to customers' 'requests, confirming full understanding before addressing concen Received and processed stocki into inventory management system. Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions. Increased customer satisfaction by resolving product or service issues. EDUCATION Bachelor Of Science In Nursing Nursing, Admin And Finance 05/2004 Florida Atlantic University, Boca Raton, FL Completed. Job Title or Apprenticeship Name Apprenticeship, Company Name -Completion Date Majoredi in business 
