Professional Services Phonet (123) 456 7899 Email: Info@qwikresume.com Consultant/Analyst Website: www.quwikeresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume ROBERT SMITH Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama Objective Able to work with minimal supervision, developing and implementing a well-organized plan to resolve the current business issues. Skills MS Oflice, Medi soft, Supply Chain Management, ERP, Work Experience Professional Services Consultant/Analyst ABC Corporation 2001 - 2002 Defined business: requirements, prepared documentation (BRD), and configured sofiware for implementation. Reported monthly status per MSI Project plan. Provided professional services to clients including mapping and redesign of client financial and manufacturing business processes. Reduced manulacturing varlances by over by modifying the production: reporting process and the costing process, Documented client development of system configuration, pilot testing, and solution integration, including gap analysts and issue resolution. Responsible for functional training programs for the client to cnable knowledge transfer and successful use of the software, Remedial training reduced the standard costing process from three days to fourl hours. Professional Services Consultant ABC Corporation - 1996 - 2001 Provided fee-based payroll/human resources system support, provided assistance customizing clent installations, Coordinated national distribution and provided first line support of Professional Services Custom Modules: Llaison between third party. developer ofCustom Software Modules and Cerdian Employer Services. Analyzed and rescarched all project requests. Prepared formal proposals for Western Reglon Projccts: Member of the Professional Services Development Module Team whose charter was to develop enhancement soltware for Ceridians base Payroll/Human Resourees Product. Developed product design specifications, product testing, beta client support, uscrand technical documentation for new products as well as provided first level support forbeta users.. Education M. B. A. in Marketing, and Finance - (University of Kansas) OThis Free Resume Template in the copynght of gutirest ume.com, Dare Guidelines 
