JESSICA CLAIRE SUMMARY Successful all around laberor bringing 9 years of expertise in building construction, maintenance and remodeling to new position with challenging and rewarding employer. Knowledgeable and skilled in resumesample@example.com various construction techniques, procedures, carpentry tools and equipment. Team-oriented in communicating with others to complete excellent rough carpentry work and share information needed (555) 432-1000 to complete finish carpentry tasks. 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor SKILLS EXPERIENCE Flooring construction Above The Surface Llc Helper, Designer, Carpenter Strong analytical and City, STATE - 03/2021 Current communication: skills Shaped materials to exact measurements for job requirements with hand tools and power Originality equipment. Multi-tasking abilities Used band, circular, jig, reciprocating, chop and compound miter saws. Design strategy Cutt timber, panels and other wooden materials according to measured dimensions. Art conceptualization Promoted team: safety by keeping work areas free of hazards. General laborer Installed floor joists, trusses and rafters. Creative and artistic Installed building windows, trim and cabinetry alone or with assistants to meet job deadlines. Quality assurance standards Built and packaged products to comply with multiple work orders and deadlines. Basice electrical knowledge Organized supplies for use based on expected customer needs. Blueprint interpretation Installed cabinets, base cabinets and crown molding. Equipment operation Planned work based on blueprints and individual project specifications. Loading and unloading protocols Moved items between machines, conveyors and transport equipment to meet production needs. Project management Volunteered to take on additional shifts during peak periods to keep projects with tight deadlines moving forward. Determined styles, size and arrangement of illustrations and EDUCATION AND graphics. TRAINING Movie, Tv, Production Industrial, Scenic Artist, Grip City, STATE 06/XXX6 01/XXX9 Bay Shore High School Bay Shore, NY 06/2004 Assembled studio sets, cameras and lighting equipment tol be used during filming. Completed setup, rigging and mounting of light and camera equipment based on changing weather High School Diploma and project conditions. Coordinated with gaffer and camera crew to determine scene lighting and camera placement. Collaborated with camera crew and director to deliver effective filming strategy and camera placement. Managed inventory and maintained supply of equipment and materials. Collaborated with creative design team to complete projects on tight deadlines. Interpreted drawings, sketches and work orders in preparation for artistic project inception. Utilized oil paints, acrylics and charcoal to design and fabricate custom mosaic pieces and create engaging and unique paintings, drawings and mixed media pieces. Utilized personal protective equipment and proper ventilation systems to promote safe artwork creation. Mentored artists on quality standards and improvements. Coordinated artistic projects, exhibit scheduling and artist interface duties. Safely and accurately assembled dollies, tracks, rigs and other lighting equipment. Hudson Scenic Studio Scenic Artist City, STATE 06/XXX7 08/XXX8 Met with commission clients to gain agreement on artistic project goals, parameters and financial considerations. Addressed client concerns and worked together to achieve mutually beneficial outcomes. Interpreted drawings, sketches and work orders in preparation for artistic project inception. Coordinated artistic projects, exhibit scheduling and artist interface duties. Utilized oil paints, acrylics and charcoal to design and fabricate custom mosaic pieces and create engaging and unique paintings, drawings and mixed media pieces. Utilized personal protective equipment and proper ventilation: systems to promote safe artwork creation. Implemented master drawing and painting techniques while revealing history and information on each artist. Produced intricate pieces of art by using ink, watercolors, charcoal, oil, paints, pencils and computer software programs. Transformed artistic concepts into characters, environments and other objects to reflect artist's vision. Applied learned color theory and lighting techniques into designs to add dimension and depth. Interfaced with clients and customers to determine special art project needs, prepared design proposals, and defined project scope. Nurtured relationships with artists and other internal partners to create positive rapport for future projects. Brainstormed with marketing and creative personnel to design high-quality images and illustrations for custom projects. Determined which designs would best complement decorative techniques such as screen printing and embroidery to create most effective finished product. 
