Jessica Claire @ Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 e (555)4 432-1000 A resumesample@erample. .com PROFESSIONAL O Deadline-driven Creative Designer focused on overseeing projects from concept through final delivery. SUMMARY Successfully creates strategic brand specific designs, content, messaging and key graphic productions in both print and digital platforms. Professional with over a decade ofi industry experience with ap preference for humani focused design lending to the development ofa clear communicator and collaborative team player with keen an eye for detail SKILLS 6 Technical Analysis and Data Visualization Motion Graphics 2Dand 3Dr modeling Mastery of Adobe Creative Suite UVUX Criticala and creative thinking Digitald design Strong graphic and visual sense Illustration Understanding of graphics software Branding WORK HISTORY VISUAL DESIGNER 07/20191 to CURRENT Deloitte Dayton, OH Designed website layouts, templates and unique branded looks. Created and edited artwork across variety of company product lines such as logos and images Conceptualized and implemented innovative ideas to drive user engagement for clients' websites. Translatedt trends into concepts and solutions relevant tot brands, product categories Builto corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between elements such as logos and letterheads. Promoted brand identity by creating company logos and delivering attractive, user-friendly and unique website UIOX DESIGNER 01/2016 to 06/2019 Accenture Contractor Jobs Ellenwood, GA Improved user Subscriptions for clients across different websites and apps after ap process implementing changes discoveredt through user interviews, surveys and testing. Communicatedv with product managers and UX designers tot translate project requirements and objectives into user friendly interfaces among a variety of products. Evaluated user research to convert abstracti ideas and requirements into planning tools such asj journey maps, user personas and storyboards. Deviseds site maps, user flows, wireframes and mockups for designs based on proven methodologies, stakeholder requests and end- user feedback. Demonstrated abilityt tot take on various roles including graphics assistant and graphics specialist to provide range across projects. Communicated with product managers and UX designers to translate project requirements and business objectives into polished user interfaces CO NCEPTU U JAL DESIGNER AND FREELANCER 01/2012 to 01/2016 Boyce Thompson Institute Ithaca, NY Heavily focusedi in non- profit entities around US. Consulted with Scientists and Engineers to identify design requirements for projects. Successfully executed projects fromi initial conception to final completion. Produced models andi illustrations to assist engineers and scientists with visualization of satellite models andtheirr missions. Played key role in securing funding for building and launching of satellites for climate research and helping furthert the understanding off human impact on the planet. Designeda and created visual guides and other material focused on community outreach, including educating legislative bodies. Builtb brands by designing cohesive looks between elements such as logos and letterheads for a variety ofclients. Maintained consistent use of graphic imagery in materials and other marketing outreach. RED DEARCH ASSISTANT 01/ /2009 to 01/2011 University Of California Davis City, STATE Assistedi in collection of environmental field data. Conducted exploratory statistical analysis, identified: significant explanatory variables andt trends. Provided statisticali interpretation and graphical presentation of results for scientific publication. Validatedi incoming data to check information accuracy and integrity while independently locating and correcting concerns. Gathered, arranged and corrected researd ch data to create representative graphs and charts highlighting results for presentations. Generated data models, performed statistical analysis using Ri and helped produce reports with graphics outlining results. Developed facts sheets, graphs and tables to analyze and summarize survey data. Preparedr materials for reports, presentations and submission to peer -reviewed journal publications. Attended seminars and symposiums to improve overall knowledge and understanding. Planned, modified and executed research techniques, procedures and tests. Generated datal models, performed statistical analysis and helped produce reports outlining results. Gathered, arranged and corrected research data to create representative graphs and charts highlighting results for presentations Validatedi incoming data to check information accuracy and integrity while independently locating and correcting concerns EDUCATION O UIUX Design 07/2018 Career Foundry, San Francisco, CA Completed professional development in UI/UX Design Cc iputer Andl Information Sciences 04/2013 University of California Extension, San Francisco, CA Completed professional development in SAS, SQL and Python Bao helor of Arts Statistics 06/2010 University of California Berkeley, Berkeley, CA Received Women in Mathematics Scholarship 
