Jessica Claire 9 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 e (555)4 432-1000 A resumesample@example.com SUMMARY Diligent Aviation Ordnanceman with established knowledge and a great work ethic. Efficient problem- solver with skills in small team management, logistics, and inspections. Talented at maintaining missiles, rockets, flares and airborne bombs. A half decade of experience working as a third class petty officer of the United States Navy. Ready to learn and contribute to team success. Motivated professional offering certificates in stick, mig andt tig welding for aluminum and steel Determined to add value to any organization in need of great collaboration, interpersonal, and multitasking abilities. Meets tight deadlines every time. Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth. Dedicated employee known for punctuality, pursuing employment options where good customer service and positive attitude will make a difference. SKILLS Ammunition assembly StickP Pipe welding(all positions) Ammunition loading Tig.pipe(all positions) Safety procedures Welding(allp positions) Bomb and missile servicing Mig pipe(all positions) Aircraft recovery Autobody prepping Shipping and receiving Laying epoxy and paint deck plates/floors HAZMAT handling Elevator operator Sandblasting equipment assembly Building /maintaining hatches and doors Specification interpretation Painting walls and stanchions Abrasive materials handling Inspecting safety regulations and procedures Surface cleaning Leadership qualities over small teams Smallp parts assembly Basick knowledge of tools for calibration OSHAK knowledge Levell headed in stressful and dangerous Coating methods and techniques environments Stick.mig and tig welding Always vigilant of surroundings Planning & organizing CPRq qualified Maintenance & repair Stretcher barrier qualified Aluminum tig welding (all positions) 3mn maintenance qualified Stainless steel tig welding(all positions) Carlift operator Knowledgeable of PPE standards EXPERIENCE AVIATION ORDNANCEMAN 05/2018 to CURRENT United States Navy, USNI |City, STATE Awardedt the roughrider oft the week award for outstanding performance as well as the basic military training honor graduate ribbon. Granted the good conduct medal, national defense service medal, sharp shooter 9mm pistol ribbon, GW-terrorism service medal, (two) sea service deployment ribbons, armed forces service medal, humanitarian service medal, Navy E- ribbon. Lifted and loaded materials of upt to 1000 pounds into machines for blasting preparation. Loaded parts on racks in enclosed rooms, into tumbling barrels ori into cabinets in preparation for daily jobs. Worked effectively with fellow team members in fast- paced, dangerous andi intense environments. Supervised operation of aviation ordnance shops, armories, and storage facilities. Serviced bombs, missiles andr rockets and launched test devices. Maintained airborne weapons, aircraft guns, and operated magazine sprinkler systems. Performed various duties at sea on flight decks and ashore in hangars, including 50 cal. machine gun watch standing and roving spaces for safety. Performed various duties at sea on flight decks and ashore in hangars, including operating elevators andt ther movement ofl large scale explosives. Safely stowed, inspected, assembled and loaded aviation ammunition. Qualified and highly trained using (MHE) forklift driving. Monitored assets including vehicles, weapons, materials and equipment valued over $100 million. AUO COBODY REPAIR ASSISTANT 05/2016 to 07/2016 Paintech Inc.] |City, STATE Serviced and repaired equipment according to manufact turer guidelines. Assessed and identified issues and quickly resolved to restore functionality. Installed new systems and components according to service orders and manufacturer instructions. Offered repair or service options to help customers make decisions. Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals. Juggledr multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery. Demonstrated self-reliance by meeting and exceeding workflow needs. Motivated ande encouraged team members to communicate more openly and constructively with each other. Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions. ALCO MECHANIC ASSISTANT 01/2015 to 12/2015 Sandys Mobile Auto Repair] City, STATE Performed minor maintenance services, including gasket replacements, coolant flushes and tune-ups. Removed, replaced, balanced and rotated new or used tires to maintain on-road safety Completed repairs and maintenance to major vehicle models to meet safety specifications. Monitored shop equipment to maintain safe working condition. Coordinated and oversaw vehicle bodywork while maintaining price point parameters to deliver profits. Welded, soldered and fabricated parts to complete skilled services. Maintained garage safety protocols to meet regulatory and company expectations. Evaluated, repaired and aligned vehicle suspensions. Sourced, arranged and supervised supply inventory for most common equipment and tools. Assisted drivers by safely directing vehicle backward to position correctly. EDUCATION AND Welding 07/2017 TRAINING Lincoln Technical Institute Hartford, Hartford, CT Araitecture SU NY Delhi University, Delhi, NY HiCh School Diploma 04/2014 Construction Trades Engineering And Architecture, Queens, NY 
