JESSICA PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY CLAIRE Aerospace Maintenance Journeyman with proven skills in equipment, system and component repair for aircrafts such as Crj200 and Crj900. Versed in conducting tests, repairing components and installing new systems. Quality-driven and efficient with remarkable work ethic. Self-motivated Handyman with excellent record of dependability and reliability. Extensively trained in blueprint reading, carpentry and resumesample@example.com electric construction. Exceptionally skilled in power and hand tool operation. Excellent maintenance management, leadership and tenant communication skills. Handyman with strong work ethic and 15 6 (555) 432-1000 years of experience. Skilled in deck, tiling and flooring repairs. Computer literate, personable team player highly experienced with power tools. Ambitious and hardworking Handyman known for handling 100 Montgomery St. 10th maintenance and repair issues. Successfully performs electrical, painting, plumbing, HVAC and Floor carpentry tasks. Friendly, experienced and has keen eye for detail. Safety-minded SKILLS WORK HISTORY Woodworking Vse Corporation Aviation Maintenance Technician Stonework Eglin Air Force Base, FL 01/2021 09/2021 Indoor and Outdoor Painting Inspected equipment, systems and. components for operational readiness and compliance with Drywalling standards. Preventive and Reparative Improved operations through consistent hard work and dedication. Maintenance Assisted with aircraft and equipment transport and movement. Project Estimation and Bidding Maintained orderly and safe work environment by enforcing tool control and FOD Electrical Installation and Repair prevention and safety at all times. awareness, Repair Disassembled, repaired and reassembled engines. Painting Documented alli inspection and maintenance actions in aircraft forms, IMDS and FERMS. Plumbing Roofing Aimbridge Hospitality Handyman Appliance Testing Rancho Cucamonga, CA 04/2013 12/2020 Electrical Components Electrical repairs Troubleshot and diagnosed problems with mechanical and electrical systems and equipment. Safety and compliance Performed minor wall repair to maintain walls, including installing drywall and repairing and Residential construction applying wallpaper. Performed basic electrical work and plumbing repairs such as installing new toilets, removing electrical wires, unclogging drains and maintaining gutters. EDUCATION Managed available parts, tools and materials inventory to maintain prompt response capability. Provided facility inspection and maintenance to achieve superior levels of ceanliness and upkeep. Intermediate Unit 1 Sanitized restrooms using such chemicals as ammonia to reduce spread of germs. Waynesburg, PA 04/2000 Removed and repaired carpet and wood flooring. GED Reduced opportunities for theft and trespassers by securing all entrances and exits. Removed outdoor debris, including yard clippings into receptacles to properly maintain grounds. Finalized work on building systems by completing basic carpentry and other finish work. Maintained restroom functionality by repairing leaking faucets, clogged toilets and other equipment. Quickly responded to internal service calls regarding malfunctioning equipment and completed repairs effectively, improving overall employee satisfaction by 80%. Examined alarm systems and monitors to meet carbon monoxide and fire standards and safeguard personnel. Keptt tool, material and equipment inventory updated. Used problem-solving skills to alleviate issues efficiently with minimal supervision. Giant Eagle, Inc. Floor Cleaner Butler, PA 02/2012 04/2013 Stripped and refinished hard surface floors to maintain quality condition and appearance. Mixed water and chemicals in containers to prepare dleaning solutions. Operated in equipment safely and took care to watch out for children and pets. Guided scrubbing machines over rug surfaces to loosen embedded dirt. Identified and analyzed customer concerns about stains and damages to anticipate needs and build lasting relationships. Mixed, used and properly stored hazardous chemical ceaners to reduce risk of injury or illness. Maintained floor cleaning and waxing equipment. Followed safety standards and established SOPS when handling, mixing and storing hazardous chemicals. Completed routine floor maintenance, indluding stripping, sealing and finishing. Responded immediately to calls from personnel to clean up spills and wet floors. Performed daily checklists throughout facilities, including cleaning floors, wiping down glass entryways and collecting trash. Used hand trucks or manually lifted supplies, equipment and heavy furniture. Seneca Foods Mechanic Assistant Blue Earth, MN - 01/2010 03/2012 Assisted with aircraft and equipment transport and movement. Maintained orderly and safe work environment by enforcing tool control and FOD awareness, prevention and safety at all times. Consulted manuals, technical documentation and repair tree charts for further information prior to conducting fixes. Promoted shop safety by cleaning work areas and removing hazardous materials. Coordinated ready access to tools and parts needed for repair and maintenance activities. Performed minor structural repairs such as bracket replacements, rivet replacements and floor repair. 
