JESSICA CLAIRE PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY resumesample@example.com Organized, enthusiastic, flexible and a good team player. I approach matters with a very positive, happy attitude. (555) 432-1000 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 SKILLS WORK HISTORY Federal Aviation Administration Skywest Airlines Private Aviation Flight Attendant (FAA) regulations Los Angeles, CA . 08/2001 Current CPR certification Communicate with employees at the FBO what and when will need catering, ice, papers, coffee and AED certified any other assistance for an on time departure. Tempus certified Arrange passenger and crew catering at International locations. Water certification wth raft Prepare the cosmetic and comfort items for our owners. Cabin technologies Perform a safety check of all emergency equipment. Trained on the: Brief with pilots to make sure we all understand our emergency procedures, passengers names and 737/200 needs, weather inflight, to name a few. Any necessary information regarding our flight. DC9 Stow and confirm all passenger and crew catering. 727 Greet passengers as they board and assist with proper cabin bag stowage. Proper seat restraints for Current on the: children proper placement of the seat restraints. Falcon 2000 Brief passengers on exits, how to operate the exits, use and operation of seat belts and shoulder Challenger 650 harness, compliance of all signs and placards, no smoking, use of PED equipment, location and Global 5000 operation of fire extinguishers, life raft and life vest. Global 6000 Prepare and serve drinks and meals comparable to five star dining. Wash all dishes Prepare and serve pilot meals. Assist passengers as they deplane with bags. EDUCATION Thoroughly wipe down all wood, mirrors, wash basins, toilets and vaccumb cabin. Complete a full inventory of all supplies. Southwest Missouri State When at a Netjets locker location, retrieve all supplies, board them and restock aircraft. University Springfield, MO - December 1980 Bachelor of Science: Personnel Management/Business Legend Airlines Flight Attendant City, STATE . 07/1999 10/1999 Performed similar duties as mentioned above only on a commercial airline with help from other Flight Attendants. Legend was a start up airline out of Dallas Love Field, TX. Thier concept was to fly fifty first class seats with five star service from Dallas to big business travel locations. They went bankrupt within a few months. Hurst, Euless, Bedford School District Assistant teacher for special needs children. City, STATE Assisted in what ever way these children needed. Getting to and from class, assisting in the bathroom, helping them eat, school work and just loving them. legend went under in November 2000. assisted from January-May 2001 and started with Netjets in Sept of 2001. Self - Mother STATE 03/1983 The hardest most rewarding job to date. Raising my two oldest daughters, Molly and Maggie. Still enjoying late motherhood raising our adopted, already fourteen year old daughter Maura. 
