JESSICA CLAIRE 100M Montgomery St. 10thF Floor (555)4 432-1000 resumesaumpledeampla.com Summary Environmental: Test Technician expertly developing and following useful and effective standardized testing procedures. Successfully operating testing controls to adjust for environmentali inconsistencies. Independently identifies and resolves issues and errors. Records testo data andp prepares clear and effective outcome summaries. Skills - Data Collection and Analysis Basic Math Recommendings Solutions Organizational Skills - Quality Control Problem Resolution Cross-F Functional Collaboration Good Work Ethic - Training &1 Development Critical Thinking Team Building 5s+1 Reliable & Trustworthy Hil Reliability, FOD control and awareness, clean room Computer Skills Experiencei int handling large aerospace components and flight Peoples Skills hardware - Flexible Schedule Overhead crane, hoist and gantry Microsoft Office Handt tools, power tools, drills, drilling, carpentry, mechanical PPEU Use aptitude, tooling Aircraft Maintenance Support Basic sheet metal Experience Aviation Maintenance" Technician, 01/2022 to Current AirN Methods Corporation- Murphysboro, IL Supported maintenance on a 19681 Bonanza to qualify for ferry back tol Melbourne. Airport from Fort Myers duet to alack of parts. Supported mainten nance on Cessna 310f for an annual maintenance checkup. - Completed timely inspections of aircraft systems and components to check performance and safety. Senior Environmentall Engineer Technician, 08/2018 to Current Beyond Meat Chicago, IL - Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines. Workeds successfully with diverse groupof coworkers to accomplish goals anda address issues related too our products and services. Oversawi inventory usage ande executed replenishment duties when needed. - Demonstratedi leadership by makingi improvements to work processes and helpingt tot train others. - Worked withe engineers to troubleshot andr resolve testing failures. . Maintaineds system logs or manuals to document testing or operation of equipment. - Researched, led, implemented and developed improvement projects. - Evaluated performance of test components using measurements, sensors and other tools. Utilized computer software and hardware to analyze, collect and compilet test data. Prepareda ands sett test articles, fixtures and componentst to accurately conduct testing procedure. Preparedt teste equipmenta and materials to properly simulate field conditions and idealized scenarios. Documented test procedures ands steps carefully to allow fort testing duplication and review. Diagnosed and repaired faulty testing equipment to preventf false or misleading data within dataset. - Ordered, organized and prioritized testing procedure steps to optimize and standardize test conduct. I Interpreted and explained technical specifications to enhand e quality and accuracy of tests. - Compiled test results to organize and consolidate knowledge gleaned from conducted tests. - Created maintenance records to root out consistently faulty test equipment. - Identified production concerns and worked with supervisors to understand and remedy situations. Used, handled, stored and disposed ofhazardous materials according to environmentals standards. Used correct safety procedures when handling and disposing of waste materials. Trained employees on duties, policies and procedures. Experience inl handling1 large aerospace components and flight hardware Setupn new production work areas, including1 layouts, tooling, ande equipment Assist witht transition from development to production, including first articles Manufacture, assemble, and test mechanical, fluid, and electrical flight hardware assemblies according to written procedures and engineering models, drawings, specifications, and written procedures Perform second party verifications andl hardware: inspections to engineering models, drawings, specifications, and written work instructions Troubleshoot, diagnose, and correct discrepancies by modification, rework, repair, and/or maintenance Perform root cause analysis and implement corrective actions for recurrence control Ability tooperate various materiall handling equipment including overhead cranes, truck <-trailer combinations, and other group support equipment as required - Setup and operatea wide range off precision calibrated tools such as torque wrenches, micrometers, calipers etc.. - Perform routine maintenance functions such as daily clean- up of work area as to support 5S, FOD, and Safety Culinary Specialist, 01/2017 to 10/2018 Sodexol Food Service City, STATE 10y years of culinary experience prior. Prepf froms scratch, create dishes, entrees, follow recipes andg guidelines. - Follow company policies and health codes. Safety first. Runa and maintain own station and area. Help andg guide others for success. - Prepf for cateringa ands special events. Education and' Training High School Diploma: 04/2008 Shanghail High School International Division Shanghai, China AA Eastern Florida State College- Melbourne, FL 
