JESSICA CLAIRE PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Experienced Accountant proficient in laws and procedures governing business operations, tax filings and regulatory compliance. Handles detail-oriented work in methodical and organized fashion. resumesample@example.com Leverages field expertise, resourcefulness and diligence to make positive impact on business operations with 20+ years of managing accurate accounting information, tax return support, C (555) 432-1000 bookkeeping and corporate operations. Professional with keen eye for detail and high level of integrity. Works well in large teams in corporate environments. Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 SKILLS WORK HISTORY Payroll Management Teledyne Technologies Accountant Monthly and Annual Journal Sparks, MD 10/2017 Current Entries Prepared and filed personal, Partnerships, S-Corps and tax forms for commercial and Account Reconciliation C-Corp individual clients. Judgement and Decision Making Drove client satisfaction by identifying maximum adjustments, deductions and credits. Microsoft Office Reconciled accounts and reviewed all materials, including surplus, income, data, worth Verbal and Written expense net and assets. Communication Proactively researched technical tax issues related to consulting projects. Accounting Software Systems Gathered important tax-related information, including taxable income, deductibles and allowance Tax Liabilities information. Tax Computation Managed entire accounting cycle including gathering information, preparing documents, finalizing Intuit QuickBooks reports and dlosing books. Accounting Terminology Conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate, partnership and S Financial Information Systems corporation tax returns, and estimates. Tax Return Preparation quarterly Monitored 3-employee team while handling day-to-day accounting processes and financial accuracy. Teledyne Technologies Accountant EDUCATION Wilsonville, OR 06/2013 10/2017 Strayer University Conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate, partnership and S Washington, DC 06/2007 corporation tax returns, and quarterly estimates. Bachelor of Science: Accounting Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for preparation of annual 1095 forms. Northern Virginia Community Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, College donating and all types of cash and banking reconciliations. Annandale, VA 06/2000 Accurately documented all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. Associate of Science: Accounting Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize effectiveness of operations. Helped dlients navigate interactions with tax authorities and legal concerns related to financial matters. Prepared and filed personal, Partnerships, S-corp and C-corp tax forms for commercial and individual clients. Bookkeeping & Beyond, LLC Member/Manager City, STATE 12/2010 06/2013 Recommended specific products and services in alignment with individual needs, requirements and specifications. Maintained store equipment, including computers, printers and fax machines. Outsourced comptrollers for diverse small business clients while overseeing bookkeeping, payroll, tax, business management, operation management and financial management services. Approved Chart of Accounts and implemented payment authority practices and cash controls. Managed entire accounting cydle including gathering information, preparing documents, finalizing reports and dosing books. Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating and all types of cash and banking reconciliations. Accurately documented all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize effectiveness of operations. Hansen, Staub & Associates Accountant/Owner City, STATE 11/2007 12/2010 Enhanced operational efficiency and productivity by managing budgets, accounts and workload by hiring temporary staff during busy season. Managed day-to-day business operations, including accounting, finance, HR, marketing and public relations. Managed entire accounting cycle including gathering information, preparing documents, finalizing reports and dosing books. Collected and arranged financial information and entered details into QuickBooks financial management system. Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating and all types of cash and banking reconciliations. Accurately documented all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions. Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize effectiveness of operations. Helped clients navigate interactions with tax authorities and legal concerns related to financial matters. 
