JESSICA CLAIRE SUMMARY To utilize my customer relations and management background to obtain a position with a company resumsample@e-ample.com that places importance on efficiency and success. Employ natural leadership and interpersonal skills to buildrelationships throughout the organization. C (555)4 432-1000 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CAS 94105 HIGHLIGHTS EXPERIENCE Guest services Air Communities Accountant Inventory control procedures Miami Beach, FL . 07/2015 Current Merchandising expertise Accounting for six companies Loss Cash register prevention operations Maintained confidential information, such as pay rates, bonus targets and pay grades Product promotions Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments Reconciled all bank and credit card accounts Processedj journal entries, online transfers and payments (internal and external) EDUCATION Analyzed cost control and provided timely financial information tos support company goals Coste effectiver purchasing (office equipment a supplies, janitorial, food a beverage) Strayer University Reviewed book entries to ensure accuracy of the G/L Fredericksburg, VA Assisted't the CFO with the production oft the monthly financials and management reports Prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts, incuding any necessary recommended action Bachelor of Science: Accounting requiredt to manage costs to achieve budget Trackeda and verified accurate receipt of purchase orders and verified costs against vendor invoices Processed A/P weekly working with 50+1 vendors Processed company purchase orders and communicated with customers regarding orders Researched and resolved collections and billing disputes with tact and efficiency Researched and resolved billing andi invoice problems Exeter Hospital- Director of Finance a Accounts 05/2014 07/2015 Responsiblef for dailye entry of accounting transactions. Received, recorded, and deposited cash and checks as well as reconciled records of bank transactions. Verifiedp purchase orders, managed accounts payable invoices and supplied payments to vendors on a weekly basis. Reconciled all bank and credit card accounts. Researched and resolved collections and billing disputes. Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments for 70+. Issued paychecks to contractors on a bi-weekly basis. Issued W2. stoe employees a 1099. sto contractors. Maintained confidential information, such as pay rates, bonus targets and pay grades. Processed journal entries, online transfers and payments. Produced monthly financials summaries and reports. Maintained employee files, incident reports, unemployment claims and training progress. Maintained office inventory. Domino's Pizza Operations a TrainingConsultant, Franchisee a General Manager STATE 01/2004 Current Training & Operations Consultant July 2015 Current Assist six store franchise int training staff and streamlining operations in accordance with corporate standards Monthly unannounced inspections toi inspect product and operation standards Worky with store managers in developing effective action plans fori improvement and guide team members in execution of determined plans Franchisee June 2007 February 2011 Growap performance culture, based on teamwork, innovation and training Creatively constructing advertising and promotional deals in accordance with corporate initiatives Implemented andr maintained corporate standards Drive revenue and reduce expenditures to meet and exceed revenue and profit targets Maintain integrity of stores, including coding, sanitation, equipment and major appliances Labora andf food cost management; Inventory management Community and customer relations Established andi implementedi internal training and time- management program Handledt tasks related to payroll, inventory andj job scheduling Manageda accounts payable and accounts receivable in conjunction with company accountants Preparedr reports, spreadsheets, and administrative documents Maintained office calendars, open andp prioritize mail, receive and prioritize phone calls General Manager February 2004. Jessica 2007 Orchestrating and directing crew consisting of up to 201 people. Hire, develop and promote talented employees who fit the unique cultures of the restaurant environment. Improve operational statistics and efficiency. Patient First Urgent Care Patient Service Representative 05/2012 10/2016 Consistently build positive report with patients while accurately and efficiently registering ina timely manner. Perform daily administrative duties including: cash management and internal quality assurance. Insurance processing and communication. Patient account resolution and billing assistance. Provide Preliminary assessment of patient health. Serve as liaison between patients and medical providers. Mentor new employees on company policies andp practices. Develop andi implement client service techniques to better serve both the patient and corporate needs. Compliance and comprehension of HIPPA regulations. Effectively prioritizet tasks SKILLS 
