JESSICA CLAIRE PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Al highly driven professional with experience in Business administration, Business Analysis, Business growth and Human Resource Management. Have managed teams, created opportunities and provided resumesample@example.com solutions for businesses using data and improving certain work protocols. Introduced systems that have: scaled company productivity by 20%, seeking to transcend in the management field while using (555) 432-1000 technology and data to improve business systems. Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 SKILLS WORK HISTORY Leadership and Project Liberty University Graduate Student Assistant Management Lynchburg, VÀ 08/2021 Current Verbal and Written Assisted advisors with facilitation of recruitment outreach Communication campaigns. Managed data and information required to track department throughout academic Time Management and progress year. Worked cosely with advisors during entire process of recruitment and retention of students. Business Organization and Helped create systems and facilitate ideas that aid in retention of increase student populations. Intelligence Facilitated newly designed webinar tol help connect and engage with prospective students during compliance transition process with remote and hybrid learning format thus increasing student participation by SPSS 5% Microsoft Power BI and Tableau Provided Administrative support to Merrick. Advising Center that ensured smooth functioning of Microsoft Office packages office remotely and in- Data Analytics and Data Mining Provided support to advisors person (undergraduate and graduate) and assistant deans by completing special projects weekly on need basis. EDUCATION Corelogic Executive. Administrator and Project Coordinator Chantilly, VÀ 12/2017 Current Merrick School of Business Baltimore, MD 08/2020 Managed over 30 staff members and helped developed system that reduced staff turnover at organization by 10% and improved office culture. Master of Science: Business Organized and scheduled all company and events for executive team. Administration And Business meetings Handled assessment and implementation of Client's health care plans monthly. Analytics Reduced error rates by 10% by providing precise payroll calculations for 30 employees using "when work" system. Conducted onboarding training and influenced 5% attrition rate by educating new employees on company protocols. Analyzed staff performance on job by conducting weekly in- person audits. Fire Shot USA Senior Business System Analyst City, STATE 08/2019 08/2021 Ledt team of 5 in development, training, and user acceptance testing plans of product increasing productivity and innovation by 5%. Built newl business processes regarding Change Management policies and procedures, increasing business efficiency and product transition by 20%. Effectively tracked team's progress, including burndown velocity and, released forecasting, reducing work hours by 2. Performed daily, weekly and monthly reviews and analyses of current processes using operational metrics and reports. Boosted team velocity by 20% by slashing rework through poka-yoke. Wrote and updated project documentation including, system procedures and training materials increasing productivity by 1%. Christopher Timi a Associates Consultant Business and Project Manager City, STATE 08/2017 08/2019 Improved relationship with cients through successful account management and on-time project delivery annually. Maintained regular client communication and satisfaction, ensuring opportunities and challenges were addressed daily. Managed and provided strategy to in office various projects and business needs. Prepared proposals and statements of work that impacted business positively thus improving revenue and employee salary by 10% Translated dlient's business needs into detailed business requirements documents, use cases, and systems interaction diagrams leading to 15% increase in client referrals. ACCOMPLISHMENTS I introduced systems that have scaled company productivity by 20%, seeking to transcend in the management field while using technology and data to improve business systems. Usedi Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets. Resolved product issue through consumer testing. 
