Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama Sr. Digital Media Specialist (123)-456-7899 info@quikresume.com www.qwikresume.com PERSONAL STATEMENT Creative Marketing professional with, a proven record of accomplishment in SKILLS creating and managing digital media str ategies in support of business goals Graphic Design, Website and objectives. Management, Project Management. WORK EXPERIENCE Sr Digital Media Specialist LANGUAGES Priority Communications. March 2010 - 2020 English (Native) Res sponsibilities: French (Professional) Manages stations website content and promotions, overall design and Spanish (Professional) SEO, web and mobile streams, trends and analytics, email distribution. Strategically plans promotion and digital opportunities dosely with management, INTERESTS Works with each department: to integrate promotions seamlessly Climbing between on-air and digital, Snowboarding Builds best practices, policies, and procedures for all things digital. Cooking Gathers analytics to monitor and produce reports to support tactical Reading decisions. Creates digital contests. and optimizes integration: wi ith all online marketing channels. REFERENCES Profic cient WithAdobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office, HTML, Promosuite Reference - 1 (Company CMS, SEO, Second Street, EZ Stream, Social Média. Name) Reference - 2( (Company Name) Digital Media Specialist ABC Corporation- 2005 - 2010 Responsibilities: Established the position from the ground up through successfully working in tandem with the Marketing & Communications and Development Offices, Designed, conceptualized and produced digital and print mar keting pieces for all communications. Video creation: and: editing for advertising & educational use. Photogr apher for school events and athletics, as well as professional promotional images. Maintained & generated content for the schools W ebsite as well as all social media platforms. Student advisor for four years. Hands-on with all departmental projects including developing marketing strategies and materials as well as special event planning., Education Bachelors of Science in Business Administration: - 2007(West Liberty: University - West Liberty, WV) a This Eree Besume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines 
