Maxine Curry Call Center Supervisor AREAS OF EXPERTISE PERSONAL SUMMARY A confident, outgoing and smart Call Center Supervisor who is calm by nature and has Torkflow management a good telephone manner. Maxine will always ensure that individuals and teams always meet a department's call handling targets. Shel has a genuine desito achieve Contacting people results, both personally and as part ofa successful team. As a true professional she Team meetings never shies away from responsibility and will always be at thel heart of what is going on around her. Shel has a flexible approach towards coordinating. motivating and Call monitoring leading call centre staff. Right now she is looking for a fast paced. exciting role that will not keep her on her toes and keep her wanting more. Cold calling WORK EXPERIENCE Conducting appraisals sessions IT Company - Birmingham CALL CENTER SUPERVISOR Jun 2013 - Present Customer service Responsible for coordinating, motivating and leading a team ofcall centre staff. PROFESSIONAL Duties: Monitoring: random calls toi improve quality, minimise errors and track call centre Fluent French speaker staffp performance. Creating team rotas to ensure the call centre is maned effectively during core hours. Making sure that all services and practical arrangements for the call centre such as cleaning times, waste collection and staff access are in place. Taking calls from members of the public. Working evenings, weekends and public holidays in order to meet service requirement Receiving telephone bookings from members ofthe public. PERSONAL SKILLS Keeping an accurate record of all call centre information and performance statistics. Hard working Undertaking remedial action to rectify any staff shortcomings. Managing customer: relationship in pre-sales for an effective handover to post sales. Loyal Escalating issues to line managers when necessary. Parsistent Company name Location Focused JOB TITLE Employment dates (ie. Aug 2011 - Jun 2013) KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES Able to conduct tough conversations with under-performing staff. Logical thinker with superb crestive problem-solving skills. Excellent organisational, planning and time management skills, Havep previously worked in similar roles. CONTACT Providing administrative support to staff across the Call Centre. Delivering best practise for the entire department. Maxine Curry Dayjob Ltd The Big Peg ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS Birmingham BI8 ONF Nuneaton Universiry 2008 2011 T: 0121 638 0026 BSc (Hons) Business Administration M: 0121 638 0026 E: info@dayjob.com Coventry Central College 2005. 2008 A levels: Driving license: Yes Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C) Nationality: British REFERENCES Available on request. 
