JESSICA CLAIRE PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY A goal-oriented and innovative academic leader focused on engaging with all stakeholders to meet learning objectives and drive student progress. Committed to providing empowering educational resumesample@example.com leadership and managing top-performing faculty to cultivate student rapport and promote successful education delivery. Motivated leader with top-notch communication, organizational and strategic C (555) 432-1000 planning abilities. 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor SKILLS WORK HISTORY Verbal and written Foundation Supportworks Academic UIL & TMSCA Coordinator communication Papillion, NE 08/2018 Current Curriculum Development Implement and promote program courses, activities, and accomplishments, both internally and Student records management externally, to boost recruitment and retention. Classroom technology Communicate directly with parents, students, and staff members to achieve success for students. Staff Development facilitation Review UIL and TMSCA materials with students and staff members to support discovering correct and presentations answers to problems. Academic administration Organize and plan multi-district UIL and TMSCA competitions. Relationship building and Determine validity and reliability of data gathering methods. networking Analyze budget and implement financial plans for academic programs and related events. Multitasking ability Discipline management Callisburg ISD High School & Middle School Science Educator Student and parent relations City, STATE 08/2013 Current Standardized Testing Documentation Collaborate with all stakeholders to provide a safe and educational experience. Built relationships and communicate with parents to provide the best learning environment for children. EDUCATION Differentiate instruction to meet the needs of diverse learners. Monitor and assess understanding of complex concepts and adjust lessons accordingly. Texas A&M University: Use designated student database and AWARE to document student grades. Commerce Communicate frequently with parents, students, and faculty to provide feedback and discuss Commerce, TX 04/2021 instructional strategies. Administer standardized tests in accordance with STAAR testing programs. Masters in Educational Increased STARR: scores for middle school science by 40%. Leadership: Educational Evaluate students' academic and social appropriate records and Administration growth, keep prepare progress reports to gauge performance. Texas A&M University Kiser Arena Specialists Sales Representative College Station, TX 08/2004 City, STATE 05/2007 07/2013 Bachelor of Science: Agricultural Science Met with existing customers and prospects to discuss business needs and recommend optimal solutions. Created professional sales presentations and seminars to effectively demonstrate product features CERTIFICATIONS and competitive advantages. Implemented marketing strategies and techniques, increasing revenue and customer satisfaction. Texas Principal Certification - Determined problem areas and resolved issues related to profitability and business objective temporary based on passed 268 achievement. (June 2021), awaiting scores Trained and mentored new sales representatives. on PASL (May 2022) Lewisville Independent School District Agricultural Science Teacher Texas 6-12 Vocational City, STATE 07/2005 06/2007 Agricultural Production Certification- current Texas 4-8 Generalists Taught: students about various agricultural techniques through various experiments. Certification- current Initiated and moderated classroom discussions to facilitate dialogue and understanding of taught Texas EC-12 Special Education material. Certification- current Participated in VATAT professional conferences to gain knowledge about latest inventions in Crisis Prevention Intervention agricultural field. Certification- current Organized numerous agricultural fairs and competitions to provide hands-on experience and enlighten students about subject. ACCOMPLISHMENTS District Mentor Teacher- Increased effectiveness of classroom teachers as evidence through their individual annual observations. District AWARE Software Mentor- Developed district wide professional development to increase unit and benchmark exam knowledge among educators. Curriculum a Instruction- Developed individual academic: plans for grade level and science department. Created multiple Professional Learning Community (PLC) presentations to engage educators. Academic Presenter- Developed and presented a multitude of different professional development presentations on a state and national level. 
