Jillian Aldini CLOTHING STORE aldeiJh2b@gmail.com 324, Johnson Street. New York_NY 10002 L  718-2344399 Profile Skills Reliable and approachable clothing store associate with a motivated attitude and Great Customer Service ability foster wonderful customer experiences. Adept in assisting customers with 1 - - 1 = 1 - all aspects of the shopping experience. from providing information on sales and Knowledge of Retail promotions to ensuring a smooth and accurate checkout experience. Procedures Employment History Excellent Mathematical Skills Clothing Store Associate, Small Steps Boutique, New York februory 2019 May 2022 Creative Problem Solving Exhibited enthusiasm and a passion for exceptional customer service during each and every shift. Ability to Work in a Team Assisted the store owner with managing inventory and stocking racks. - Worked well independently and also as a team member, Flexibility and Adaptability Followed instructions and took on miscellaneous duties when needed. Strived to maintain an orderly and visually-pleasing store environment. Adhered to store protocols and policies at all times. Languages Assisted customers with all aspects of the shopping experience. English Informed customers about store offerings, sales, and promotions. Italian Sales Associate, Eleanor's Bridal, New York Mr 2015 Oroomter 2O1E French Served as an enthusiastic and dedicated bridal team member. Worked to ensure that: all future brides had: an exceptional and unique shopping experience. Listened to customers to fully understand their vision and provided them with appropriate dress options. Prepared fitting rooms and assisted with dress try-ons and fittings as needed. Placed orders, scheduled visits, and handled transactions in a secure manner. Sales Associate, The Blue Turtle, New York Novmoer, 2014 My 2015 Worked as a sales associate during the busy holiday season. Helped to foster a pleasant and smooth shopping experience. Remained up-to-date on new items, sales, and promotions. Worked in accordance with store guidelines and policies at all times. Education High School Diploma, St. Francis, Preparatory School, New York Sentenibet 2011 - Moy 2015 
