Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama Apparel Sales Associate II (123)-456-7899 info@quikresume.com www.qwikresume.com PERSONAL STATEMENT Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Good organizational SKILLS skills and ability to multitask. Strongleadership, administrative, and Journalism, Spanish, organizational skills. Exceptional interpersonal skills and ability to work with Dance, Broadcasting, 3 people from all backgrounds. Ability to work well W ithin a team and Years of Art, Speech, individually. Rellable, resourceful, hard working, long term employee, Child Development, Automotive, Health, WORK EXPERIENCE Business Managment.. Apparel Sales Associate II ABC Corporation- September: 2012 October2014 LANGUAGES Responsibilities: Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs. English (Native) French (Professional) Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of Spanish (Professional) merchandise to customers. Recommend, select, and help locate: or obtain merchandisé based on customer needs and desires. INTERESTS Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or Climbing credit payment. Snowboarding Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise. Cooking Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding Reading payment and exchanges, and security practices. Placespecial orders or call other: stores to find desired items. REFERENCES Apparel Sales Associate Reference - 1 (Company Walmart- 2007 - 2012 Name) Res sponsibilites: Reference - 2 (Company Name) My job requires me to answe er any questions customers may have, and to be of any help to them. While doing my job; to neatly put away any dothing, by color and size on shelves, or end caps. Fold clothes and towels and put ther in their department. Do have. store opening and closing experience, as well as being an overnight stocker: Am cashler trained in my job, I scan customers products. Am a backup cashier when needed, Know how to set up modulars for products.. Edu cation High School Diploma - 2012(Lamar Consolidated High School - Rosenberg, TX) This Eree Besume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines 
