22 Street Rd. John Smith City, State 00000 Phone: (222) 222-2222 Email: emailgaddress.com MULTI-FAMILY CONSTRUCTION SITE SUPERVISOR Offering more than 10 years ofexperience in the home building construction industry, with more than 5 years of experience as a multi-family construction site supervisor. Experience includes safety and quality control. Responsible for directing. scheduling and subcontractors. Proficient at applying for and obtaining necéssary permits. Extensive knowledge Aaxerdenele in development, building, electrical, plumbing and gas codes. Adept at writing project plans, reports, and documentation. Proven record of success: completing projects on time and under budget. Specialty in concrete work and grading. AREAS OF EXPERTISE AND CORE STRENGTHS Analyzing and Assessing Blueprints Concrete Grading Budget Management Dry Wall Installation Scheduling and Coordinating Subcontractors Power Tool Maintenance Quality Assurance and Control Truck and Equipment Maintenance Time Management Demolition, On-Site Experience Knowledge in Permits and Codes Plumbing. On-Site Experience CAREER HISTORY MacMillan Construction, l'urner Valley, AB Construction Site Consultant and Acting General Contractor.. Nov. 2009-Present Supervising and managing all activities of Calgary's inner city home construction project sites with carpenters, clectricians, plumbers and concrete finishers. Most recently completed house valued at $2.7 million, and current work on duplexes, estimated at $650,000 per: side. Hired and supervised subcontractors as needed, scheduled inspectors, worked effectively within strict budgets, and drove productivity. Ensure compliance with local building codes, permit requirements, and safety regulations. Trico Homes, Calgary. AB Site Supervisor...Feb. 2007-Oct. 2009 Supervised a 64-unit multi-family town homes construction site, worth $70 million, in Cochrane, AB. Directed, coordinated and scheduled activities of 40 to 50 construction trade workers. Conferred with staffa and workers to ensure production and personnel problems were resolved promptly. Examined and inspected work progress, equipment and construction sites to verify safety and ensure that specifications were to standards. Adept at reading specifications, such as blueprints and data, to determine construction requirements. Calvanna Developments, Calgary, AB Site Superintendent...am. 2005-Jan. 2007 Supervised a S37-million. 144-unit multi-family site to completion in Okotoks, AB. Also: supervised two concurrent multi-family site projects in Canmore. AB: a 290-unit building complex, worth $200 million; and a 60-unit town homes site, worth $40 million. Studied job specifications, such as blueprints and data, to plan and construction of project. Planned, organized, and directed activities concerned with pbomandiappone and maintenance ofs structures, facilities, and systems. Scheduled and dispatched workers to construction sites, pertaining to specifiod tasks. Inspected and reviewed construction work and repair projects to ensure work conforms to specifications. Formulated reports concerning such arcas as work progress, costs, budget, and scheduling. Ensured compliance with local building codes, permit requirements and safety regulations. 
