Brian Johnson Construction Project Manager and results-driven as Accomplished professional with 6+ years of extensive experience in overseeing commercial and large residential building projects within time and budgetary constraints. Equipped with a record of success on process improvement, combined with demonstrated abilities in defining innovative solutions and methodologies for safe and cost-efficient operation. Adept at leveraging influential negotiation skills to mediate contracts and create profitable partnerships brian@novoresume.com 0123458901 Naugatuck, CT in linkedin.com/in/brianjohnson brian.johnson WORK EXPERIENCE SKILLS Construction Project Manager Structural Engineering Project.Management J&J Lucchese Development 08/2016- - Present Naugatuck, CT Construction Management Commercial Real Estate a Headed the completion of 6 large commercial projects and 131 residential developments in northern New Jersey. Negotiation Building Information Modeling (BIM) Successfully delivered a $7.5M construction project three days ahead of schedule and under $200K budget. Contract Management Strategic Planning Coached and mentored a team of 50 crew members in the field, resulting in greater productivity and efficiency. Effectively negotiated contracts to create a mutually VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE beneficial agreement, saving $500K in construction costs. Reduced budgets from 10-20% by integrating energy- Project Manager Volunteer efficient products and alternative building materials. Build2Build for Change 01/2014 - 05/2014 Construction Superintendent Conducted construction supervision, project management, Andrade Construction Corporation and design that support the construction of facilities health 07/2013 - 07/2016 Paterson, NJ promoting care, education, economic opportunity, and social justice. Supervised an on-site workforce of 51 employees including engineers, steel workers, and laborers. Oversaw the labor force to ensure productivity and efficiency. Resolved budget cost deficiencies of $40K by utilizing energy-efficient products and recycled building materials. Achieved a 15% reduction in project cost by negotiating with architectural, civil, and geotechnical engineers. CERTIFICATES Managed the construction of a $10M cinema project from inception to completion, asserting successful delivery within Certified Construction Manager (CCM) (04/2017) timeline. From Construction Manager Certification Institute (CMCI) Assistant Construction Manager Intern HONOR AWARDS BC Construction 01/2013- - 06/2013 Boston, MA Outstanding Management & Leadership Award (2019) J&JL Lucchese Development Assisted the Project Manager in planning, documentation, implementation, and overall management of projects. Manager of the Year (2015) Accomplished sub evaluations/comparison of bids, scope Andrade Construction Corporation review, and complete buy as requested by Project Manager. Ensured contracts, insurance, and bonds are current and received before the subcontractor performs any work. LANGUAGES EDUCATION English French Italian BS in Construction Project Management Massachusetts College of Pharmacy & Health Sciences 08/2009 06/2013 novoresume.com 
