John Wood Senior Business Analyst: Analytical Decision-Making & Growth 6 +1-925-885-5155 @ help@enhancv.com 2 linkedin.com 9 Luling, LA SUMMARY SKILLS Senior Business Analyst with 12+ years of experience in using Business Analysis Techniques MSO various business intelligence and modelling tools to assess companies' needs and determine sustainable and effective Google Analytics Salesforce Miro course of action. Trusted by key stakeholders to analyze business problems and opportunities, as a result have increased profit margins by 56%. Ability to analyze day-to-day operations within the big picture of things with a focus on not EDUCATION only achieving individual vision, but forecasting positive outcomes aiming to achieve overall business growth. BS in Investment Management Lynn University EXPERIENCE 2006 2010 9 Boca Raton, LA Senior Business Analyst STRENGTHS Torphy 2017 Ongoing 9 Luling, LA Decision-Making Torphy is a global IT service provider, focused on providing - manufacturers with sustainable software to enhance their productivity. Focused on understanding business Supported 12+ senior stakeholders in the decision-making process by needs, key stakeholder requirements, investigating specific business problems and advising them with flexible, and growth demands, to systematize holistic solutions to meet individual business needs data and navigate the best course Prepared various risk assessments during M&A negotiations to protect ahead. This has impacted business business interests and assure company growth by a 35% AVG growth with a +$1M in annual revenue. Assessing business model functions with a focus on processes and structures; HR and capital; information and technology to provide solutions Information Modelling Tools to cut back LEAN waste by $450K/ year A Using various tools (financial models, product roadmaps, mind maps, UI, Business Analyst SWOT, etc.) to better understand business-crucial data and offer Dufour 2014 2017 9 Baltimore, MD working solutions to problems. Dufour is one of the largest distributors of digital content, delivering premium content internationally and in multiple formats. Business Proposals Managed financial forecasts for ten engineering groups with more than $2 million per group Apt at presenting solutions with detailed Developed analytical framework to forecast, plan, and model resource documentation at each stage of the allocations across a multi-region call centers resulting in cost savings 20+% process from business case, RFP, ITT, Used various models to forecast revenue and provide solutions to decrease and requirements statements. losses and cut LEAN waste by 25% Transparency and clarity of written statements has assisted decision- Financial Consultant making to be quicker and more effective. Lessard 2010 2014 9 Boca Raton, LA CERTIFICATION Lessard offers SMES financial consultations to help them achieve sustainability and growth with external funding. Professional in Business Increased company clientele by 6 persons and raised company Analysis (PMI- revenue by over $20,000 in a two-month period PBA)O Specialized in designing portfolios for high net worth clients on a team that PMI managed $6 billion in assets Provided tailored investment advice for clients across 15 states Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAPO) LANGUAGES IIBA English Native  a Swedish Proficient Professional Certificate in Business Analysis Japanese BCS Proficient www.enhancv.com Powered by 0 Enhancy 
