55 Ocean Road Kristine Smith, PE Sometown, (State] (Zipl Civil Engineer Specializing in the Oil & Natural Gns Industry Phone: 555.555.5555 example@website.com * PE-certified civil engineer with more than four years of experience in the design and management of complex development projects. * Excellent command of standard engineering practices for oil, gas and subsea pipelines withinharsh arctic climates. Professional Experience Specialties ABC ENGINEERING CONSULTING, Sometown, AK Civil Engineer, 1/10to Present Oil & Gas Pipeline a Recruited to provide civil engineering design and management of oil and Engineering natural gas development projects for firm's Alaska office. Subsea Engineering * Completed civil engineering initiatives that included oil and gas pipeline Design engineering design, offshore deepwater projects, subsea pipeline and Offshore Engineering connection system designs, J-lay and Slay pipelines, pipeline trenching, riser systems and single point moorings (SPMs). Installation * Prepared construction and environmental compliance documents; developed Engineering grading plans, cost estimates and bid specifications; and provided construction Cold Climate oversight, environmental sampling and site: reconnaissance. Engineering * Ensured the safe, cost-effective and timely completion of all projects to meet or exceed client expectations. * Maintained excellent relationships and stayed in constant contact with all clients, which proved instrumental in generating additional project work. Engineering DEF ENGINEERINGI FIRM, Sometown, AK Tools Civil Engineer, 1/ 08 to 1/10 * Collaborated with clients, designers, contractors and local state agencies to CivilCAD 2012 resolve a myriad of engineering and design issues. AutoCAD * Developed solutions that safely and effectively addressed challenges including ice-infested water, permafrost presence on seafloorand threats of fice Primavera gouging P6 along pipeline route. Professional Project Management Education Trimble Terramodel GeoTools XYZ UNIVERSITY, Sometown, WA BS in Civil Engineering (BSCE), Concentration in Offshore Engineering 2007 GEOPAK * Honors & Activities: Chi Epsilon (Civil Engineering Honor Society), American MS Project Society of Civil Engineers * Inteniship: Completed eight-month civil engineering internship as an Engineer in Training (EIT) with DEF Engineering Firm after graduation. Projects included offshore and subsea engineering design and support for Alaskan oil pipeline. Passed Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) exam in 2008. Certification: Professional Engineer (PE), 2010 Professional Development: Ongoing training has covered topics including ISO 9001,OSHA requirements, tunnel design and hazmat 
