Jessica Claire O Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 e (555)432-1000 A resumesample@e-mampecom PROFESSIONAL Customer- -oriented Bank Officer offering nine years of experience overseeing online services and verifying SUMMARY adherencet tos state and federal banking rules andr regulations. Supportive and communicative professional polishedi in providing banking servicest toi individuals and corporate customers, including opening accounts andu upselling financial services. In-depth knowledge of available bank products and services paired with outstanding customer service abilities. Professional Banking Officer with experience serving bank customers through various offerings. Helpful when processingt transactions, opening accounts and cross- selling bank services. Team player quickt to assist staffr membersi in various departments. Managers and other staff with various needs to deliver outstanding service. Accomplished Bank Officer with niney years ofe experience interacting with customers toir increases sales and offer services. Seasonede expert at promoting products and offerings, creating new accounts anda assisting customers with various requests. Motivated andr results- oriented with background increasing new customer accounts and maximizing services among existing customers. SKILLS Training& & Development Product presentation Sales Banks services Cash management Transactions Banking document preparation Detail-oriented Tellers support Processi implementation Buildr relationships with customers Skilled with both formal andi informal Banking products sales presentations Accomplished sales skills and working knowledge of business and community WORK HIST TORY ONLINE BANKING OFFICER 01/20191 to CURRENT L'oreall Sacramento, CA Metw with clients to generate new business and negotiate contracts. Directeds staff of1 15p personneli including four direct reports. Established key procedures fort teams preparing documentation, models and presentations. Encouraged employee developmenta and promoteds stafff from within. Analyzed customer profiles toi identify appropriate products and provide value-added approaches to clientis issues. Collaboratedv with compliance departmentt to complete audits ins several areas. Including Federal, State andir internal audits. Complete annual due diligence for ACH and RDC clients. Included obtaining financial statements to analyzer risk and establish thresholds. Manageda and oversaw biggest online banking conversioni in bankt history in 2020. Integral piece during recent bank merger. Managed and trained staffi in Cash Management and Online Services. Rewrote andu update policies/procedures for different areas and products. Involved heavily with mapping of data during bank merger. Work closely with lendingt teamt to cross- sell and migrate customers to appropriate product set Demonstrate services and products top prospects through personal meetings OIOINEE BANKINGICASHI MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST 05/2016 to 01/2019 Gcs Credit Union |O'fallon, IL Provide support to customers and bank staff regarding electronic products and services Establish online customer accounts including entering data, assigning access permissions and performing account verification Ensuret timely response and resolution of customer questions andi issues in timely, professional manner viat telephone, email or in-p person Performr maintenance to existing online accounts, re-setting passwords and making account changes as requested Monitore electronic: security system for cash management clients Perform daily tasksi including account balancing, monitor off fraudp prevention, review mobile deposited checks, review bill pay andA ACHI reports Manage multiple email accounts Assist customersi in ACH and wire origination Take consultative approach with customers and match customers with non- loan products that best fit theirn needs toi include, buta arer noti limited to, online banking, billp pay, remote deposit capture, wire transfer, eStatements, ACH origination CLOTOM MER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 01/2016 to 05/2016 First Western Bank &1 Trust/City, STATE Greetv visitors and customers in courteous manner Establishs solid customer relationships through identifying needs, providing creative and best solutions for customers, and using cross- sell and referral opportunities Openn new accounts, assist customers with changes and updates to existing accounts Answer customer credit andd debit card questions, resolve maintenance issues, and post payments Open andr maintained certificates of deposits for customers TECLER 08/20121 to 05/2016 First Western Bank &1 Trust] |City, STATE Performed daily teller functions including, receiving deposits &l loan payments; cashing checks; issuing savings withdrawals; recording night &1 mail deposits; issuing cashier's checks &n money orders Counted, packaged & verified currency and coins maintainedi in drawer and sold to vaults; reconciled loan coupons and other transactions Maintained recommended cashl limits in drawer and vaults; performedt teller closing procedures to ensuret teller sta ons and bank access areas are ready for next business day Accurately balance cash drawer ate end of each business day Trained newly hiredi tellers, providing extensiver mentoring along withp positive reinforcement. EDUCATION Bachelor of Sciencel International Business 05/2016 Minot State University, Minot, ND Bao helor of Sciencel |Business Management 05/2016 Minot State University, Minot, ND High School Diploma 05/2012 Garrison High School, Garrison, ND ACCOMPLISHMENTS Collaboratedv witht team of[ [Number] in the development of[ [Project name]. Supervisedt team off fours staff members. Implemented andt tested positive pay: system forf fraud prevention Ledo online servicest through bank merger Keyd deciding memberi in online banking platform CO on sion 
