Jessica Claire 9 1001 Montgomery St. 10th Floor e (555)4 432-1000 1 resumesample@example.com SUMMARY Driven leader experienced in successfully executing mission and vision for various organizations. Dedicated to building long-lasting authentic relationships with team members. Skilled at maximizing potential in others, enhancing performance and increasing efficiency. SKILLS Organizational leadership Program monitoring Inspirational leadership Talent management and staffing Leadership development Coaching and counseling Crisis management Publics speaking Coordination Organizational skills Friendly, positive attitude MS Office Teamm management Computer skills Worke ethic Working collaboratively Mission-oriented Conflict resolution Communications strategy Reliable and trustworthy Team leadership, training and development EXPE ENCE CREATIVE ARTS & PROGRAMMING DIRECTOR 04/2017 to CURRENT Springdale Community Church I City, STATE Evaluated staff and operations and made proactive strategy adjustments to maintain alignment between performance and objectives. Maintained ongoing systems for development, recruitment, recognition and retention. Assignedt tasks to team members to fit skill levels and maximize team performance. Established and created training programs to enhance employee knowledge of best practices. Traineds staff and volunteers on additional positions to maintain coverage of roles at all times. Recruited and hired qualified candidates to fill open positions. Eliminated process discrepancies, implementing continuous improvements for scheduling procedures across multiplet teams and environments. Metwithe each team member to establish realistic growth goals for their specific role. Cross-trained in multiple role to maximize operational knowledge. Studied existing procedures and policies to offer optimal leadership to employees and ministry operations Createdr monthly schedules for team members (30-50) to keep every position and area well- staffed. Leds staff meetings for team of 12-14 to communicate goals, objectives and vision. WCRSHIP & PROGRAMMING DIRECTOR 04/2016 to 04/2017 Grace Churchi City, STATE Proposed and developed new programming ideas and special features to drive member engagement Analyzed program effectiveness and provided feedback to modify, adapt and optimize workflows. Promoted community building and outreach programs by establishing relationships with members. Coordinated and monitored performance and quality of all programs and services. Collaborated with Lead Pastor to establish mission and goals. Supervised all volunteer teams to ensure optimal team performance. Coordinated, tasked and supervised staff to sustain organizational operations and champion organizational mission. Planned marketing campaigns to increase attendance at events and services. Maximized employee retention by creating positive work environment CFCIATIVE ARTS & PROGRAMMING DIRECTOR 06/2013 to 05/2015 Canyon Ridge Christian Church |City, STATE Leada and directed design and production teams for all projects, creating unique designs within required timelines. Ledc creative team meetings to: share ideas and bring actionable plans to fruition. Managedv writers, artists, designers and project managers with hands-on approach to successfully accomplish daily work cand special projects. Developed budget and negotiated contracts and quotes to ensure projects were completed within financial constraints. Trained and mentored subordinates, and monitored performance in key areas. Seto department quality standards and directed daily operations. Provided direction and supervision for team of art directors and designers. Offered leadership while liaising with independent creative agencies. Mentored artists on quality standards andi improvements. Collaborated with creative design team to complete projects on tight deadlines. Worked alongside entire development team in energetic and creative environment. WCRSHIP & CREATIVE ARTS DIRECTOR 04/2008 to 04/2012 Eastside Christian Church City, STATE Promoted development off technology to produce roadmap of internet based, cost effective resources. Expanded operations through new process development and strategic planning. Guided teams to success by leveraging experience through management positions. Maintained productive relationships and communication channels across organization. Leds staff members to develop high-performing diverse teams and deliver on ambitious goals and objectives. Fostered proactive attitude and future-focused thinking among staff in fast- paced environment. Ledo organizational development changes, enabling organization to better respond and adapt to industry changes. Accomplished leader, skilled atr maximizing employees skills and knowledge, to achieve highest performance goals. Increased brand awareness by integrating brand development strategies into business model. Developed highly effective working relationships with other departments by being positive and constructive leader. Hired, trained, evaluated and retained high- performing, effective, and diverse team embodying organizational culture. Established new workflow and employee training processes to improve operational efficiency. EDUCA ATION AND Bachelor of Arts General Studies 03/2003 TRAINING Indiana University Southeast, New Albany, IN 
