Jessica Claire 9 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA94105 e (555)4 432-1000 1 resumesample@example. .com PROFESSIONAL Hardworking Motor Transport Operator offering8years ofi industry experience and clean Rli license. SUMMARY Accustomedtoe effectively managing safe and efficient loading, unloading and transport ofv valuable cargo over different terrains and conditions. Experienced ink keeping units ready through hands-ont training. Maintains equipmenti in good working order as well as manages safety and develop tactical plans for transportation operations. Resourceful Motor Transport Operator with Sergeant rank in United States Marine Corps. Strong history of foverseeing convoy transportation of equipment, supplies and personnel. Excellent planning, problem-s -solving and organizationals skills developed lover 8+ years of experience. Highly effective and skilled at determining best routes Hardworking Driver with expertise providing excellentt transportation services. Engaging and pleasant personality with safe anda accident -free driving record. Former military professional with solid experience and training in operations management Successfula att building strategic partnerships anda alliances and spearheading business relationships to achieve beneficial outcomes. Knowledgeablel Martial Arts Instructor bringing 4years' experience in Discipline. Caring and hands- -on teacher enthusiastic about imparting core principles andk key techniques to students of all llevels. SKILLS Supervising personnel Project Management Overseeingt transportation Firearm and explosives handling Tactical planning Policy Development Maintaining records Training ando development Deployment experience Human resources management Equipment accountability Critical Thinking Managingt training Imagei interpretation Commercial driving Troubleshooting Routelogs Operations management Customer rapport Supply Management Orderp picking and processing Trainedin cross- cultural communication Vehiclei inspections Proofreading and editing City andr dnon-city driving Emergency planning Transportation Budget Analysis GPS Sandr route planning Thrives on multi- -tasking Materialst transport Environmental safety Safety standards andp protocols Transportation specialist Quick learner Instruction Data quality controlchecks Shipping and transportation planning Strong leader Computer skills Globall logistics distribution Disaster preparedness Compelling presentation skills Riskn management assessments Trainedi insecurity Secrets security clearance Unit coordination RiskA Assessment Access control procedures HAZMAT training Terrain analysis Recording equipment Transcription Evaluation Teami leader Contract Management Logicalreasoning Interpersonal awareness Complex data management On-T Time Delivery Resource management Warehousel Management Trainedin counterterrorism: strategies Operations Support Skilled researcher Driver Safety Programs Internala allocation and distribution Scheduling Weapons training Accident/ Incident Reports Wiring expertise WORK HIS ORY MARTIAL ARTS INS TRUCTOR 05/2018 to 07/2020 Life Time Fitnessi Overland Park, KS Imparted key etiquette points, discipline and respect. Helped students prevent injuries and rendered calma and professional aidin case of accidents. Taughtboth corep principles andf fighting techniquest to students of all levels. Instructed on proper breathingt techniques, stances andi forms. Trained average of 301 new participants each month. MOTOR TRANSPORT TOPERATOR 09/2018 to 06/2020 Amerigas Propane, Inc.I San Jose, CA Managedi loading, unloading and safety of allp personnel, cargo and equipment Reported defects, damage and accidents to proper personnel. Maintained proficiency int tactical planning options and convoy defense techniques. Oversaw handling and transportation ofmoret than $8 million in equipment while deployed to. Japan, and Thailand. Inspected vehicles and completed daily maintenand nce actions. Updated personal logs and business tracking documents accurately and according to schedule requirements. Verified lover 8daily deliveries against shippingi instructions before delivering to customers. Delivered goods andp products to customer ont time andin excellent condition. Loaded and securedi itemsi in trucks to avoid damage to parcels during delivery. Cleaned and maintained vehicle and assessed vehicle for damage after each shift. Keptands studied detailed mileage andi fuelr reports to decrease overall fuel costs by 55%. Generated consistent referrals andr repeat business by providing friendly and fasts service. Upheld high standards of professionalisma and discretion when working with high-value clients. Checkedi inw with dispatch service and updatedv with current location. Answered, scheduled and respondedtor reservation calls at: specific times and locations. Keptu up-to-date on mission objectives by researching intelligence targets to understand significancei in geopolitical context. Constructed and camouflagedi infantry positions and equipment to prevent detection. Maintained accuratei inventory ofalla assigned equipment Maintained security ofl local areas and performed route clearance for visiting high-ranking officials. Trainedi inu use oft tear gas, passive ordnance and explosives. Tracked personnel and supplies within company. MO TOR TRANSPORT OPERATOR 08/2016 to 09/2018 Amerigas Propane, Inc.I Santa Fe, NM Worked with excellent supervisors andt team members to understand: supply needs and bring levels within desired tolerances. Communicated with ground team members and fellow operators top prevent safety hazards and keep materials moving. Operated MKR16/MK870, and MK31/M IK970 on regular basis with advanced: skill. EDUC N High School Diploma 05/2015 Aberdeen High School, Aberdeen, MS COMPLISHMENTS Awarded't the Overseas Service Ribbon in 2018. Trained ands supervised more than 200 personnel. Earnedt the United States Marine Corps Good Conduct Medali lin 2017. Earnedt the United States Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal Medali in 2018. Earnedt the United States Marine Corps Global War On Terrorism Service Medal in 2015. Earnedt the United States Marine Corps National Defense Service Medal in 2015. Earned't the United States Marine Corps Letter ofa appreciationi in 2017. 
