JESSICA CLAIRE Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 (555) 432-1000 -resumesample@example.com SUMMARY Highly experienced Pastor committed to guiding and equipping followers ofChrist in worship, evangelism, discipleship, and service. Offering more than 151 years' expertise in pastoral leadership with success in implementing mission and vision. SKILLS 25y years band/ Vinstrument experience Budget adherence Vocal expertise Creativet team collaboration Mission-oriented Gospel-driven Crisis management Work ethic Leadership development Troubleshooting Discipleship Presentations and public speaking Inspirationall leadership Skilled in Office/PCO/ProPresenter/Ableton Peoples skills Production management Teamt building Video lighting and sound Conflict resolution Supervising staff Friendly, positive attitude Stagel layouts Strategic communications Team oversight Project management expertise Preaching EXPERIENCE 04/2017 to Current Worship & Creative Arts Pastor Springdale Community Church City, STATE Recruited, equipped and motivated band members for professional accompaniment. Managed audio-visual support for multiple weekly services. Planned worship schedules and sequences of events to keep members engaged and active. Developed and cultivated professional relationships with various third parties, including city officials, civic groups andi members of public, improving engagement in outreach activities. Demonstrated effective leadership to church, including managing daily operations, developing and administering annual budget and promoting compassionate pastoral caret to members and public. Carried out church mission by planning and leading worship services, writing sermons and working with church leaders. Managed all aspects oft ministry. Worked with church leaders, staff and ministry teams to achieve growth of church and to foster positive community impact. Led outreach initiatives to reach out to unchurched, inactive or new residents in community. 04/2016 to 04/2017 Worship Arts Pastor Grace Church City, STATE Demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others. Contributed to development, planning and completion of project initiatives. Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery. Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions andi meet deadlines. Managed audio-visual support for multiple weekly services. Managed all aspects oft ministry. Ledo outreach initiatives to reach outt to unchurched, inactive or new residents in community. Liaised with church staff and ministry discuss church growth objectives. 06/20131 to 05/2015 Creative Arts Pastor Canyon Ridge Christian Church City, STATE Carried out church mission by planning and leading worship services, writing serm ons and working with church leaders. Developed and cultivated professional relationships with various third parties, including city officials, civic groups and members of public, improving engagement in outreach intiatives. Managed all aspects oft ministry. Recruited, equipped and motivated band members for professional accompaniment. Coordinated special event worship times, including camp worship sessions andr revivals. Manageda audio- visual support for multiple weekly services. Planned worship schedules and sequences of events to keep members engaged and active for Multi i-site church. (6,000 members) Supported projects by developing and producing promotional content such as trailers and commercials. Managed writers, artists, designers and project managers with hands -on approach to successfully accomplish daily work and special projects. Reviewed and approvedi retouching, mechanicals and proofs for quality assurance. Lead: and directed design and production teams for creative projects, creating unique designs within required timelines. Led creative team meetings to share ideas and bring actionable plans to fruition. 04/2008 to 04/2012 Worship & Creative Arts Pastor Eastside Christian Church City, STATE Expanded ministry successfully by overseeing new facility development and installation for state ofthe art worship center. (2010) Demonstrated effective leadership to church, including managing daily operations, developing and administering annual budget and promoting compassionate pastoral caret to members and public. Visited, counseled and prayed with church members to provide pastoral care. Improved operations and functions of church committees by clarifying objectives and empowering other committee members to take responsibility. Reached out to unchurched, new residents or inactive church members. Carried out church mission by planning and leading worship services, writing sermons and working with church leaders. Planned worship schedules and sequences of events to keep members engaged and active. Chose songs and organized materials for every worship service. Recruited, equipped and coordinated volunteers to build worship teams. (50 team members) Manageda audio-visual support for multiple weekly services. Implemented special programs for holiday and church events. EDUCATION AND TRAINING 03/2003 Bachelor of Arts: General Studies Indiana University Southeast New Albany, IN 
