JESSICA CLAIRE 1001 Montgomery St. 10th.F Floor + (555) 432-1000 + resume-ample@esample.com SUMMARY Personable: and dedicated Custome ner Service Representative with extensivee experiencei in thes service industry. Solid team player with upbeat, positive attitude and proven skilli ine establishing rapport with clients. Motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success. Articulate, enthusiastic and results- -oriented withd demonstrated passion for building relationships, cultivating partnerships and growing businesses. SKILLS Building Customer" Trust andI Loyalty Billing Inquiry Resolution Datal Entry and Maintenance MS Office Ordera andl Refund Processing Strong Analytical and Problem Solving Skills Creativel Problem Solving LiveChat Messaging CRMS Software Call Volume and Quality Metrics Multitasking: and Prioritization First-Tier Technical Support Efficienta and] Detail- Oriented Computer Proficiency Datal Entry Inbounda and Outbound Calling Verbala and Written Communication Salesforce CRM De-escalation" Techniques Teamwork and Collaboration Upselling Products and Services TimeN Management Document Review Skills EXPERIENCE Customer Advocate/Newl Hire Support, 05/2018 07/2021 Rurall King- Jeffersonville, IN - Usedd different knowledge banks tor research customer problems and develop accurate responses. Reached out top providers tob help develop comprehensive solutions. Performed extensive research on alli inquiries and concernst to achieve complete client satisfaction. Maintainedt thorough and detailed documentation ofc customeri interactions and outcomes. Engaged with customers and worked to resolve product: and service issues. Preventedk key account1 losses byr researching discrepancies and correcting problems. Supported salest team members to drive growth and development. 1 Promoted available products and services to customers during service, account management and order calls. Utilizedj job-related software top prepare change of address records and issue service discontinuance orders. Adjusted bills and refunded money to resolve customers' service or billing complaints. Surpasseds sales goals through implementation of successful marketing strategies. Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with! knowledgeable andf friendly service. Strengthened customer retention by offering discount options. Collected deposits or payments and arranged for billing. Reached out to customers after completeds sales to suggest additional service or product purchases. Engagedi in conversation with customers to understand needs, resolve issues and answer product questions. Customer Care Agent/Training] Mentor, 10/2015- 08/2017 Spectrum City, STATE Delivered fast, friendly andl knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints. De-escalated customer issues with proven conflict mediation: and problem-s solving abilities. Promptly respondedt to customer inquiries and resolved complaints top promotel loyalty. Researchedr resolutions, contac ed necessary departments and respondedt to customer by phone, mail or fax as follow-up. Maintained high satisfaction score by consistently resolving first-calli issues. Delivered customer support tol high call load each shift. Coordinated with various company teams to offer andi implement successfuls solutions to customer problems. Recommendedp potential products or services after analyzing customer needs. Documented customer correspondence in CRMtot track requests, problems and solutions. Surpassed quality target by working through scripted response plans and applying personal knowledge base to resolve concerns. Promoted product offerings to drive growth and exceed benchmarks. Kepto customer and system account information accurate and current to support timely resolutions for concerns. Customer Service Specialist, 04/2014- 03/2015 Dukel Energy City, STATE Resolved customeri inquiries, questions and concerns to consistently offer quality service and meet performance benchmarks. Assisted customers with making payments or establishing payment plans tol bring accounts current. Documented customer correspondence in CRM tot track requests, problems and solutions. Helped customers open accounts, make deposits, update information and carry outr range off routine actions. Provided outstanding service to new and long- standing customers bya attending closely to concerns and developing solutions. Upheld quality controlp policies and procedures toi increase customer satisfaction. Trained new hires on products ands services, best practices and protocols toi reduce process gaps. Improved customer service waitt times tor mitigate complaints. De-escalated problematic customer concerns, maintaining calm, friendly demeanor. Informed customers about billing procedures, processed payments and provided payment option setup assistance. Sett up anda activated customer accounts. Educated customers on special pricing opportunities and company offerings. Maintained! knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices. Made outbound callst to obtain account information. Answered inbound calls, chats and m nails to facil litate customer service. Usedp proven techniques to de-esc alate angry customers during telephone interactions. EDUCATION AND TRAINING High School Diploma: 06/2007 Garinger High School- Charlotte, NC Strayer University Charlotte 
