Jessica Claire Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 E (555) 432-1000 resumesample@example.com PROFESSIONAL Call Center Representative with expertise providing customer support in high call volume environments. SUMMARY Exceptional computer aptitude and telephone etiquette. Customer Service Manager highly skilled in negotiating, instructing and supervising Call Center Representatives. Hands-on Customer Service Manager effective in motivating others to reach their optimum potential. SKILLS Skilled in call center operations Call center metrics decoding aptitude Talented client relations manager Committed to maintaining data integrity Multi-line phone operation proficiency Persuasive speaker Exceptional workflow management Budgeting expertise Adheres to customer service procedures Marketing savvy Strong problem solving aptitude WORK HISTORY CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVOCATE II 11/2013 to CURRENT Bluecross Blueshield Of South Carolina I Minnesota Provide accurate and courteous reposes to all services inquiries To answer: supplies' incoming calls regarding their supplies and equipment. To assist suppliers in navigating the company's website to complete forms and research information about the program. To assist with technical problems on webite if needed Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls. Gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking purposes. CLOTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 04/2003 to 10/2006 Select Medical Corporation Tucson, AZ Provide prompt accurate and courteous responses to all customer services inquiries. To answer members and agents incoming calls. To process payments, update files, and resolved problems. Processed insurance applications. Assisted with training coworker and new hires. Performed other duties as assigned. Addressed and resolved customer product complaints empathetically and professionally. Gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking purposes. Defused volatile customer situations calmly and courteously. MOMBER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 10/2006 to 09/2009 Texas Credit Union Allen, TX Ensured the prompt prescreening and processing of all group or member add requests to make changes to their plans. In charge of keying applications for Medicare recipients and monitoring all incoming correspondence from our customer. To complete research and process information. from appeals and grievances department to resolve customer complaints. Assist with training of co-workers and new hires. Performed other duties as assigned. Addressed and resolved customer product complaints empathetically and professionally. Defused volatile customer situations calmly and courteously. EDUCATION High School Diploma Croom Vocational High School, Upper Marlboro, MD 
