JESSICA SUMMARY CLAIRE Qualified Lead Customer Service Representative with 16 + years in fast-paced customer service utility office environment and Affordable Care Reform. Personable and professional under pressure. At the utility company was responsible for the day in and day out operations of a busy utility office as both lead customer service representative and assistant to my local manager. handled everything from resumesample@example.com time sheets for the entire office to payments made by our customers. For the last six months I have been employed with Kelly Services and worked in MarketPlace Operations at BlueCross BlueShield (555) 432-1000 where I provided accurate, prompt and courteous responses to all inquiries by members internal and external agents and providers. handled inquires that required extensive research, coordination Montgomery Street, San with other departments and accurately documented information. Received positive feedback from Francisco, CA 94105 members, agents and management regarding work performance. HIGHLIGHTS ACCOMPLISHMENTS Exceptional communication skills Filing and data archiving EXPERIENCE Creative problem solver Professional phone etiquette Bluecross Blueshield Of South Carolina Customer Service Advocate II MS Windows proficient Delaware, OH - 09/2014 02/2015 Customer service-oriented I worked at MarketPlace Operations at BlueCross BlueShield where I provided accurate, prompt and Quick learner courteous responses to all inquiries by members internal and external, agents and providers in a call Flexible center setting. handled inquires that required extensive research, coordination with other Proficient in cash management departments and accurately documented information. worked using the CES system along with Works well under pressure Aclaims, Ebill, PIRS, FIPS SEIU, RMIM, RMIH, and INFP's. I received positive feedback from Credit card processing members, agents and management regarding my work performance. Appointment setting Advanced clerical knowledge Two Men And A Truck Customer Service Representatives High level of accuracy Streetsboro, OH . 10/1 1998 - 08/2014 Strong account analysis skills Responsible for entering all payments for the office every day. The money amount was a high as MS Office expert Self-sufficient $25,000 some days. Answered an average of 200 call per day by addressing customer inquiries, Committed to maintaining data solving problems and providing information about their utility service. Greeted customers entering integrity the office and addressed their needs with billing, payment or setting up their utility accounts. Entered Excellent time management time sheet information for all employees at our local office and scheduled meetings for manager. skills Responsible for all paperwork turned in by employees that need to be entered for company and OSHA Independent worker Detail- requirements. Responsible for all statistical information required on a monthly basis by our corporate oriented headquarters. Responsible for entering all information pertaining to inventory of equipment, Computer proficient scheduling any transfer or pick up of equipment. Handled all invoices and payment to vendors for the Expertise in invoice and local office. Handled daily heavy flow of paperwork and cooperated with the accounting departments payment transactions on invoicing and shipping problems. Set up and explained utility accounts to new customers. PowerPoint knowledge Responsible for emergency situations with customers and making sure information has been given to PeopleSoft expert the proper person to resolve the problem. Responsible during emergency weather or hazards to be on CES System site at work to help with customer needs. Described products to customers and accurately explained Claims Experience details about the programs that were offered. Investigated and resolved customer inquiries and SEIN complaints in a timely and empathetic manner. Participated in physical inventory counts every quarter. SEIU FIPS PIRS SKILLS Aclaims Ebill Accounting, Accounts To, Basis, Billing, Customer Inquiries, Customer Service, Inventory, Invoices, Call Center Invoicing, Payments, Receptionist, Retail Sales, Scheduling, Shipping, The Accounting, Account Analysis, Archiving, Cash, Cash Management, Clerical, Credit, Credit Card, Customer Service Representative, Data Archiving, Data Integrity, Detail-oriented, Etiquette, Filing, Forecasting, Invoice, Ms Office, Operations, Peoplesoft, Phone Etiquette, Powerpoint, Problem Time EDUCATION Solver, Management, CES, Claims, PIRS, FIPS, Ebill, Aclaims, RMIM, RMIH, SEIU Coastal Carolina University Conway, SC High School Diploma: Education. I High School Diploma: Coastal Carolina University Conway, SC attended Coastal Carolina University with a major in Education. left one semester before finishing my degree due to family obligations. My last three semesters earned 4.0 each semester. My GPA was 3.6 when I left school. 
