JESSICA CLAIRE PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Friendly Patient Advocate trained in MS Office, all California Medicaid portals, IBM ACE a PBAR: resumesample@example.com Medical billing applications, a Advocatia software and compliance requirements. Detail-oriented, hardworking and reliable. Successful working with hospital, social service entities, State & local (555) 432-1000 county departments and insurance companies to achieve positive all-around outcomes. 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor SKILLS WORK HISTORY Quality assurance Bump Health Patient Advocate Organized nature Peoria, IL - 02/2017 Current Caseload management Assisted patients in understanding individual rights and responsibilities in regards to care, Insurance understanding coverage and payment. Patient rights Utilized knowledge of available resources to help patients select courses and obtain Resource utilization appropriate Relationship building relevant support. Responded to patient concerns and questions with compassionate and knowledgeable service. Interdepartmental cooperation Reviewed patient claims, bills and medicolegal documents for accuracy. Medicaid knowledge Entered details into computer systems and managed database of information. Activity monitoring Worked effectively with staff from all departments to coordinate resolutions. Verbal and written Maintained documentation on patient activities, coverage issues and hospital actions. communication Collected and reviewed patient information to assess eligibility for special programs. Chart pulling Helped patients file appeals to insurance denials and worked with insurance companies to resolve Appointment Scheduling disputes. Document filing Followed document protocols to safeguard confidentiality of patient records. System updates Helped address client complaints through timely corrective actions and appropriate referrals. Insurance verifying Facilitated communication between patients and various departments and staff. Property tours and inspections Organized patient records and database to facilitate information storage and retrieval. Maintenance knowledge Applied administrative knowledge and courtesy to explain procedures and services to patients. Marketing and advertising Offered simple, clear explanations to help clients and families understand and Customer service-focused hospital policies Tenant and eviction laws procedures. Assisted in recovery process by offering Covered California enrollment assistance and California Contract Negotiation Medicaid enrollment assistance. City and county regulations Scheduling Vacasa Vacation Rental Property Manager Accounting Brinnon, WA 05/2015 01/2017 Appointment Setting Bank Reconciliation Maximized rental income while minimizing expenses through effective planning and control. Preparing property agreements Developed annual operating budgets and forecasts, as well as sales and marketing plans. Administrative support Coordinated appointments to show marketed properties. Database Management Conducted inspections of property grounds, buildings and equipment to identify maintenance concerns and direct timely repairs. Collected and maintained careful records of rental payments and payment dates. EDUCATION Worked closely with dients to facilitate appropriate loans, inspections and credit reports. Introduced and monitored effective lease renewal programs to maintain high occupancy rates. Palm Springs High School Communicated effectively with owners, residents and on-site associates. Palm Springs, CA 06/1998 Responded to Common Area Maintenance (CAM) inquiries. Delivered emergency 24-hour on-call service for tenants on building issues. High School Diploma Administered property-related budgets, reviewed invoices and tracked costs. Kept properties in compliance with local, state and federal regulations. Completed annual rent calculations using housing database software. CERTIFICATIONS Keller Williams Realty Chaparral Country Club Property Manager Office Administrator Licensed ince 2017 City, STATE 01/2013 05/2016 Licensed Real Estate Agent since 2019 Optimized organizational systems for payment collections, AP/AR, deposits and recordkeeping. Managed supervisor itinerary and appointments and streamlined scheduling procedures. Improved office operations by automating client correspondence, record tracking and data communications. Implemented project management techniques to overcome obstacles and increase team productivity. Improved customer satisfaction scores through application of superior conflict resolution and problem-solving skills. Developed internal requirements and standards to minimize regulatory risks and liability across programs. Maintained primary relationship accountability for clients, overall servicing responsibility and client satisfaction to maximize profitability of client relationships. Oversaw appointment scheduling and itinerary coordination for both clients and personnel. Prepared variety of different written communications, reports and documents. 
