JESSE KENDALL 123 Elm Street * Miami, FL 33183 + C: 305-555-5555 . jkendall@notmail.com JUNIOR ARCHITECT: Exceptional professional and skilled contributor to mumerous project types in all project development phases from initial programming to construction document. Offering diverse perspectives and innovative solutions. Progressive architect combining creativity and the ability to express ideas through a wide range of media. Innovative creator of breakthrough desigus independently and in collaboration with associates. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE ABC ARCHTTECTURET MIAMI, FL 20xx - 20xx JUNIORARCHITECT Led and supported design, project development, and execution for company's satellite office. Oyersaw college interns while reporting to Project Manager with firm that ranked among top three nationwide and won awards for its architectural, interior design, and planning services. Collaborated with designers, contractors, design architects, and clients to create attractive and innovative designs. Drafted and developed construction documents. Discovered material selections. Created artistic frechand sketches and color architectural presentations and renderings. Produced life safety drawings. Answered RFIS and issued ASIs and PCs. Prepared presentation documents for LEED studies and BOMA tabulations. Developed and trained interns in AutoCAD. Contributed to producing documents for 300 Miami Avenue project by performing the following functions: transforming complicated sketches into working drawings by coordinating various consultants, conference calls, and communication; resolving several problems that surfaced during integration of existing buildings; and serving as CAD Manager, oversceing setup of drawings and sharing them with consultants. Collaborated with Europcan firm on this 10,000+ sq. ft. office building. Boosted profits by creating add-on seryices. Improved productivity by applying problem-solving ability to waterproofing condition issues. Rendered design presentations in Photoshop, handled study models, converted ideas to construction documents, and helped develop material boards for a major restaurant complex. Increased organization by developing spreadsbeets to track proposed changes, supplemental instructions from Architects, drawings indexes, RFIS, and add-on service hours. BCDARCHITECTURE & INTERIORS MIAMI, FL 20xx- 20xx JUNIORARCHITECTURAL DESIGNER Collaborated with project architects, structural engineers, and LEED consultants for high-tech computer lab, office, multi-story mixed use, health care, university, and residential projects; involved in all phases of projects. Transformed functional and spatial requirements into feasible design solutions incorporating urban design, master planning, engineering systems, and sustainable design principles for achievement of LEED certifications. Developed design presentations with large-scale physical models, frechand sketching, and 2D/3D drawings, including exteriorinterior renderings, planvelevation'section drawings, and wall section details by using AutoCAD, 3ds Max, Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign. EDUCATION & TECHNICAL SKILLS Master of Architecture . XYZ University, Miami, FL . 20xx GPA 3.92/4.00 XYZ Graduate Fellowship . $30,200 Awarded Bachelor of Architecture * XYZ State University, Miami, FL. 20xx GPA 3.87/4.00, Class Rank 4/148 . Magna Cum Laude Academic Excellence Department Recognition Fourth year architectural design studio exchange student XYZ Memorial Scholarship . S700 Awarded RELEVANT COURSES: Architecture Design and Rescarch Studio, Architecture Practice, Environmental Control System, Structure Analysis, Architecture History Teaching Assistant: History of Architecture and Environmental Systems for Lighting and Acoustics TECHNICAL SKILLS: Form-Z, Autodesk 3ds Max/3D Studio VIZ, Autodesk Maya, Rhino, AutoCAD (2D/3D), Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Flash, Acrobat), SolidWorks, Java, Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) 
